Yaya did you get a picture women either
guess what the hell if I got one no good
I asked him return before the way out I
know he's lucky you remind me like Snoop
Dogg he's nice guy
oh he does yeah what about him reminds
you of Snoop Dogg I love snoop Dogg nice
guy - I know but what about Wiz Khalifa
remind you of Snoop Dogg and lock the
fence and everything else
marijuana do you know what show Kerry
Washington is on gotta wash it on yeah
yeah yeah oh gotta wash Tom DeLay dishes
and the president the movie like the
president you were saying
okay she's working Dwight house yeah I
know god yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah she's
very nice uh-huh yes Lydia I love
Guillermo laughing at your broken
English really turn well since we have
you here do you want to show another of
your movie reviews yeah what movie are
you gonna review for us next that did
love so on but snow is today what Louis
I don't know okay it's called a lunge
behind a flip
what so what we're so we just did that
100 the one black and white no no no no
not that one no remember I said earlier
that yeah not that one I fought a good
Jimmy I know let's watch it and it will
be a surprise for us together
another edition of talking about the
movie with Yaya
hi it's me aya I'm here I'm talking
about the movie American history the
movie talk about the Mafia
Casino blue car you know and clean money
laundering money and this guy in the
middle
Kristen Bell is the one in the Batman
and the hizzle do we have big gusto mo
and the lady Vanessa she's also good
actor and the guy in the white suit and
right and in the left he's the one with
the Tom Cruise Mission Impossible is
good after two and the girl for hangover
and I told you who the people I got
showed him I got the guy for
Mission Impossible Oh Tom Cruise and I
got the guy for hangover the guy at the
lady I don't know her name in the middle
maybe I got Elvis I don't know she and
the good star in good actor the movie
black 90 at row go watch it it's good
movie enjoy